um okay so i just watched the last in
juggle episode mm-hmm i was looking up
demanding it but the way they ended it
it made it sounds like they're going to
redo stuff then they like announced
hundred legends of chima afterwards oh
and they're like 'oh already said
they're not going to do anything else
with Ninjago except for one more like a
Lego fit our wave um and run thing is
either they're secretly planning this or
I'm just pulling stuff out of nowhere
here but I think Ninjago might come back
later and legends of chima um there
could be some sort of time portal or
whatever or something they could bring
the ninja back I mean it probably
wouldn't be like this year if they do it
would pop they probably wait a couple
years there's something couple seasons
of Chima um I think they should do
moderately kind SN leghul an email
asking them about that ask them if they
would do it um I think let me good um
tema actually looks a lot better than I
thought it would be just about the one
commercial i saw i'll have to watch some
episodes see if I like it affect that
there oh and people I don't like but I
feeling there might be humans or
something somewhere I don't know oh I
just wanted to put that out there not
much else um I'm really sad ninjago is
over willing to go back and watch every
single episode over and over and over it
doesn't meet like million make sense a
fine last and
it was only like twenty eight episodes
but yeah it went so far into it just to
end it like that I don't think so so
plus in comments what your favorite and
juggle character is and what your
favorite thing about the legends of
Chima is or if you like it or if you
don't like it um be curious to know your
guys's opinion so logging off